Hi, my name is Johnny Rayne, born Andi Hangiu (Hang-you) on August 24th, 1985 in Cluj-Napoca (CLU-jh NApoca), Romania. Came to the United States on July 24th, 1995. Raised all my life in Washington State, been around the world, but there is no place like my evergreen home. Wanted to be an Aerospace Engineer, but life had other plans. 
As a child always wanted to be an actor, a storyteller. As one grows up one learns that we must do what all adults do and get a real job, so why not an engineer. I like math, physics, and flying so why not, Aerospace seemed logical to me. I was trying to go to school as W.S.U. (Washington State University), had all my paperwork filled out, application and what not, when an Art College came to my school. Cornish College of the Arts was doing a tour of all the high schools in our area and wanted to let all the students know that if you were interested in the Arts they had a free tour on this day, blah, blah, blah. I thought nothing of it. I was not asked what I wanted to be since I was like 7, but we all get all older and we all must choose something adult to do. 
When my mom heard of this opportunity she said, “You should apply and go to the audition and see if you can get in”. I told her, “NO”, and that, “Being an actor was stupid and dumb”. She asked me, “Do I remember telling everyone that I wanted to be an actor when I was a kid?” I said, “Yes, but it’s not the adult thing to do and that only rich people can be actors because they can afford it”. She simply said, “Go and give it a try and if you fail, then you know it wasn’t meant to be”. I went to my drama teacher and I asked him to help me. The only reason I took drama was because it was an easy arts elective for me and an easy English credit. He thought I was crazy because I had done no acting of any kind prior to asking him for this. He was nice enough to help me and wished me luck.
I went to my audition nervous as hell, to tell you the truth I was beginning to think I was crazy. To make matters worse I went to the wrong address and I was thirty minutes late. Yeah, I missed the entire opening presentation, when I got there they were taking people in for the audition. As you guess it, I went last, penalty for being late. Two things you never want to be in life; crazy and late, and I was both…. So my audition, well that was a quickie, as a matter of fact, they had to change the format for me. I spoke so fast thru both my monologues that the people auditioning me were left speechless. Ironic because one the people auditioning me would later be one my speech teachers.
I got in, in case you missed it. They did change the format for me, they had me redo one of my monologues and they gave me a note to apply or in acting terms, they gave me direction. Acting is simply reacting to a given circumstance, most people just get up and recite their memorized lines with vocal intensity. WRONG!! That’s not acting, that’s just talking loudly. Actors must take direction and respond to a given circumstance, one sometimes chosen by the director if the actor doesn’t present a good one. Think about it, what would you do if you were late to something? You would certainly not talk loudly, you would behave apologetically, talking soft and asking to be forgiven. 
Getting into that art school and pursuing my dream to be an actor has been one of the greatest journeys of my life. I don’t know if I would have been as happy as I am now, being an Engineer. I certainly would have liked the money, sure, who doesn’t like money, but being happy? I can’t answer that with a Yes. I learned a lot in college and after college about storytelling from an actor, writer and directing stand point. Now it’s on to producing and putting all that I learned together into this film. Being a producer means I have to handle money and the business side of filmmaking. Well like I said before, I was very good at math, and I did want to be an Engineer. I’m going to, simply put, engineer this film to be made. 
